	Matrix multiplication is a binary operation whose output is also a matrix when two matrices are multiplied. 
In linear algebra, the multiplication of matrices is possible only when the matrices are compatible. In general, matrix 
multiplication, unlike arithmetic multiplication, is not commutative, which means the multiplication of matrix A and B, 
given as AB, cannot be equal to BA, i.e., AB ≠ BA. Therefore, the order of multiplication for the multiplication of 
matrices is important.

	Two matrices A and B are said to be compatible if the number of columns in A is equal to the number of rows in B. 
That means if A is a matrix of order m×n and B is a matrix of order n×p, then we can say that matrices A and B are compatible.

	Step 1: Make sure that the number of columns in the 1st matrix equals the number of rows in the 2nd matrix 
(compatibility of matrices).
	Step 2: Multiply the elements of ith row of the first matrix by the elements of jth column in the second matrix 
and add the products. This would the element that is in the ith row and jth column of the resultant matrix.
	Step 3: Place the added products in the respective positions.

	There are certain properties of matrix multiplication operation in linear algebra in mathematics. These properties 
are as given below:

Non-Commutative: Matrix multiplication is non-commutative, i.e., for multiplication of two matrices A and B, AB ≠ BA.

Distributivity: The distributive property can be applied while multiplying matrices, i.e., A(B + C) = AB + BC, 
	given that A, B, and C are compatible.

Product with Scalar: If the product of matrices A and B, AB is defined then, c(AB) = (cA)B = A(Bc), such that c is a scalar.

Transpose: The transpose of the product of matrices A and B can be given as, (AB)T = BTAT, where T denotes the transpose.

Complex Conjugate: If A and B are complex entries, then (AB)* = B*A*

Associativity: Matrix multiplication is associative. Given three matrices A, B and C, such that the products (AB)C and 
	A(BC) are defined, then (AB)C = A(BC).

Determinant: The determinant of product of matrices is nothing but the product of the determinants of individual matrices. 
	i.e., det (AB) = det A × det B.